Lin Dong, you are actually the vice president of Chenri Group.
Isn’t Chenri Group one of the two largest 100 billion groups in Tianhai?
This Lin Dong turned out to be the vice president. Didn't you hear that just now?
She established a Thousand Level Group, and the Night Market Group and the Thousand Level Miss personally gave her a nice car and villa.
If you add these things and add money, her birth price will reach more than ten million.
The first deputy dragon master in this world is pursuing Chen Zong,
Why does she still want to help this poor liar?
Why did even the daughter of the night market group come to help her?
Thank you Lin for saving me last time
Please accept these gifts
Lin Dong is afraid that he is my employee
You should do it to me first
But this
Where do I have a chance?
Chat with Mr. Lin alone
You were the one who forced me away
Then what I want is me
Li Daming and CEO
He actually encouraged Lin Dong to become a husband.
Who is he?
Okay, I have something else to do, Mr. Lin
Isn’t that what I want to clean up?
You are doing so well now
It’s better to eat